{Release} Upgrade to Azure CLI 2.49.0 (#26479)
Azure/azure-cli: src/azure-cli-core/HISTORY.rst

Release History
===============

2.49.0
++++++

> * `extension`: Install extensions without prompt as default behavior when it's not in a tty (#26219)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dynamic install extensions without prompt as default behavior when it's not in a tty (#26219)
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Dynamically install extensions without prompt when not in a TTY (#26219)
```
